- see friends its Julie and sorry if I
look like I'm half asleep but I am it is
Saturday night now and I'm winding down
and it's coming to the end of the night
which is why the lighting in here is
pretty lousy but a lot of you have been
asking me recently if I'm still doing my
light therapy and if so what am i doing
and what lights am I using because I've
tested quite a few and I've reviewed
quite a few so you've been asking me
what am I actually still doing or if I'm
still doing anything so I thought since
it's come to that point of the evening
for me anyway
that you might put up with my sleepy
face and my hopefully not monotone voice
and I would take the opportunity to show
you that yep I'm still doing light
therapy I'm still keeping it up not
quite as much as I used to just because
I've pretty much I've been doing it for
quite some time now
I can't remember how long I think it's
like a year and a half or something like
that it's been quite a while anyway so I
brought all of my light therapy stuff
into this the place where my camera is
set up so that I can record the whole
process and share it with you just to
let you know you know what I'm doing and
how because I've never actually done a
video that says you know this is it from
beginning to end here's the whole thing
so here it all is yep I'm still doing it
here's how so I start up I have washed
my face and I had not yet moisturized it
so all I have done is wash my face I
like to start off with a completely
clean face that way I know that one the
light waves the light wavelengths are
not being blocked by any kind of
ingredient that has some sort of
sunscreen even a natural sunscreen in it
I know a few different natural
ingredients to have even if it's an SPF
one just naturally built into them I'd
rather not have that I want to get the
full effectively the light wavelengths
that are entering my skin but also I
know that some products can be broken
down by light that's why they say you
know don't leave a lot of products in
sunlight they say leave it in a dark
cool space that's why is because a lot
of different wavelengths of light can
break down a product and I'd rather
that not happen on my face either so
this way I get the benefits of both the
light and the product so after I'm done
doing all of my life therapy here then
its first thing that I will be doing is
moisturizing and doing my whole skincare
routine if you want to see my nighttime
skincare routine I've done a video on
that so I'll just link it right here
just what you can check it out if you
want to and that way I don't have to
describe it now so in terms of the
things that I have with me I don't
normally do it in this space I normally
actually just chill sitting up in bed
and so I have the stuff sort of stashed
nearby but all I really need is I have
my tablet because it has a kitchen timer
app on it so I can just time time how
long I'm doing it and the little thing
will go off and that tells me when I can
stop I have my music with me so or well
this isn't actually music it's an
audiobook so that I can listen to it
just to let the time go by I don't do
like therapy for very long but I get
bored very easily and while I have tried
meditating during this time I've fallen
asleep a lot of times doing it so until
I kind of get to meditating without
falling asleep at the end of the night I
think it's better just to listen to an
audiobook and relax that way instead I
have my little goggles to protect my
eyes technically speaking there isn't
any evidence that I know of that the
wavelengths that I use are damaging to
the eyes but the company that sells
these lights sends them anyway just in
case because who knows what will be
discovered in the future so even though
the odds are that it's not going to
cause any harm why take that kind of
risk when it's a matter of these little
goggles that come for free with the
product I know that blue light therapy
and anything having to do with UV that
can risk your eyes and if you haven't
protected them properly with goggles for
example but with the wavelengths that I
use that's not the case as far as we
know and finally I also bring my water
with me because I think it's good to
drink water the whole time and if I'm
trying to treat my skin well any way
that I may as well hydrate if that is
everything that I need so I have a clean
face and all the stuff that I'm going to
be using around me and I guess let's get
started I won't actually make you sit
through
me sitting here for the full length of
time that I'm doing a light therapy I
will show it but I'm going to speed up
the video so that you don't have to just
see me sitting still and listening to an
audiobook but you can't hear what I will
tell you is that I use B well the first
one that I use is this one it is the
dual care I've talked about it before
quite a few times actually it is from a
company called smarter lights and I will
put a link to it in the description
below so that you can check it out if
you want to but essentially I have it
just this the dual care itself is this
here it's the power head and I put it in
it comes with a like a light socket like
basically it comes with like not this
part with this part here that's
basically a socket with a cord and it's
like a button so you can turn it off and
on I like mine on a clamp because
normally I can just clamp it to like a
nightstand or a headboard or a door or
whatever I'm near and then this can hold
it for me so that I don't actually have
to hold it in my hand but really for the
length of time I'm using it I can also
hold it in my hand and I don't need any
real muscle strength so this one is the
dual carer and I like this one because
it combines red and amber light therapy
it is LED and while I used to use
products called the peak red and then I
have the peak amber I used those
separately this product came out
combining them and I find it just as
good and it lets me do the same thing in
half the time so this is really
appealing to me so that's why I like
this one so yep so this is red and amber
LED light therapy that I use and I use
it the instruction booklet said to use
it one and a half to three minutes here
one and a half to three minutes here and
then one I have two three minutes here
but I'm just using it to treatment
rosacea and rosacea for me is here and
here I'm fortunate enough that I don't
have it on the center section so for me
I just do it kind of a two instead of
doing one two three I do one and two and
I do them each for two minutes and that
seems to be enough and I
do this probably five times a week I aim
to do it every day of the week
but I am a little bit sloppy with it now
that I've kind of got it into a really
great routine if my skin is super
irritated because I've tried a product
that I've reacted to because I do test
products all the time or if the weather
has been really hot and humid like it
has been recently then I will do it
every single day every day that my skin
is actually at risk of some sort of
inflammation or irritation or anything
like that I will do this just as a
precautionary thing or as a treatment if
it does appear to be aggravated from
something but yeah so I will stop
talking about this now and I will get
going just so that you can see what it
looks like and then I will move on to
the other light that I use probably
about twice a week
there we go so I have it set for two
minutes and ten seconds I use the extra
ten seconds to let myself get organized
I probably should have set it a little
bit longer today
[Music]
okay and I forgot to mention before I
got started but I always I don't know if
you saw me going like this that's just
me adjusting to make sure that I haven't
drifted the light closer far from my
face because it's super bright even with
the goggles on it's hard to tell what
the distance is so I kind of have
learned how far I wanted to be with by
using my hand and I normally it's
somewhere between six and eight inches
and I aim for around seven so that's why
I say six and eight because I know that
my hand kind of drifts a little bit or
my face will move like this much I don't
figure that an inch difference every now
and again is going to make that much of
an impact on the the final results that
I'm getting just because I'm using it
almost every day so you know if it's an
inch closer one day or an inch farther
away another day then it's really not
going to do any damage to the results
that I'm getting so next I'm going to be
using this other one here it's a dual
Kerris ID and this is the pure green
light it's from the same company smarter
lights I will put the link to this one
in case you want to check out what this
one looks like too but it is essentially
just I don't like this lamp that I have
it was very noisy but it looks exactly
the same except that when this is turned
on it is very very very green you know
when you regret doing films
there we go and by the way that's not
the powerhead that's not the bulb that's
making that horrible sound it's this
desk lamp that I have that I use because
it also has a clamp so that way I don't
have to keep on screwing them I've got
two lamps just so that I can be lazy but
yep so I use this one probably twice a
week
ideally I'd go for three but as I said
I'd do this at the end of the evening
and I'm usually pretty tired and when
I'm tired I'm lazy so on average I'd say
I do this twice a week I do it once on
Saturdays and once usually on Wednesday
because I will have aim for Tuesday I
didn't do it so I do this for the same
length of time I do this in the same way
although the recommendation says to do
one two three
because of where my rosacea is
positioned I tend to just do one and
then two I do it the same distance about
I aim for seven inches away but anywhere
from six to eight is perfectly fine with
me and I do it for two minutes
I can't remember if I said that too many
seats I'd iming out that this that my
best time was two minutes on each side
took a little bit of trial and error and
it took a lot of patience because I
allowed myself just like I do with any
other skin care products and stuffs that
I'm trying I gave myself three months to
find out whether or not I like the
benefits of it so I did track the first
long while that I was using like there'd
be back when I was just using red and
then red and amber separately I'd
attract that on my blog that's usually
the link to that is usually in the
description for the video so if you are
actually curious about that and please
feel free to check that out you'll have
to go way back in time to the beginning
of the vlog that's where it is but it's
all there and for a while there I was
recording it daily I have pictures of my
progress and stuff like that just that
was that was quite some time ago that
was just because I was super excited
about the lights I've been very
frustrated and had really given up to a
large degree on being able to improve my
skin so basically this was sort of a
last resort sort of idea and boy am i
glad that I actually went for it because
it has made all the difference and it
has allowed me to kind of embrace a
whole new lifestyle and start eating
differently and start tracking my
triggers and avoiding them and all that
good stuff that we're all supposed to be
anyway but then I hadn't been doing so
yep so now I'm going to do the green
light therapy and it's just done the
exact same way so I will speed this up
so that you don't have to go through a
household with me
and that's it that's all it takes
it's just a few minutes every night
technically when I'm actually doing it
when I'm in bed and I'm in my own space
and I'm sort of doing it where I
normally do I will actually hold two of
them at one point in my hands so that
like when I'm doing my dual care one
I'll have it in this hand and then I'll
pass it over to this side so that I'm
doing this side and then I'll do the
green one at the same time so that I can
cut down the whole process by two
minutes so this version that you just
saw it takes a total of eight minutes I
can normally cut it down to six because
I'll hold them both in my hand during
one part of it but either way eight
minutes is not that long that is really
nothing to get upset about it's really
quick and really easy and very peaceful
and I like using it as a part of my
overall winding down routine before bed
so I'm just going to turn the other
light on there we go so so after this I
will go directly and moisturize my face
and then I will head to bed to read for
a while and relax and then try to get a
very good sleep because but yeah so
that's it that's all that it takes to do
light therapy using these particular
products and using my methods for my
skin as I said in other videos just
because I'm doing it this way it doesn't
mean that it'll work for everybody every
case of rosacea is different everybody
has different skin care needs I have
crazy dry skin you might have very oily
skin my rosacea is only here a lot of
people have it on their nose and their
chin as well we all have a different
case so light therapy works great for me
I'm not actually saying that I recommend
it though because I don't know what's
good for your skin but I just thought
that I would share this because it was
something that made such a very big
difference in my life and being able to
control my rosacea and a lot of you have
been actually asking for updates for the
last little while just saying you know
are you still using it which products
are using how long are you using it now
so I thought I would just put all that
into one big video to answer everybody's
question at once I hope I did cover
everybody's questions if you do have
more questions about the light therapy
I'm doing
please feel free to ask I again I can't
say that what I'm doing will work the
same place for you it's just this is how
its really working for me and that's why
I like to share it just like everything
else in this channel but yet I do hope
that this video was actually helpful and
informative and entertaining for you if
you do like videos like this one I hope
you'll give me a thumbs up and that way
I will know and then I will know to keep
doing this kind of thing and if you
would like to see more videos like this
I hope you'll subscribe to my channel I
make new videos every Sunday and most
thursdays and other than that I will see
you next time
[Music]